Personalization and Recommendation
Natural Language Processing
Image and Video Processing
Voice Recognization
HealthCare and diagonisis
security and fraud detection

Role of AI in Spring Ecosystem:-
Spring AI Integration- Can be integrated seamlessly
Spring AI provides abstraction for APIs of LLM Models

RAG - Retrieval Augmented Generation - generating data based on context. Let AI search data from present websites(create context based on present data)
AI Powered Application
Data processing

Spring AI Capabilities:-
1. Integration with AI Models .........2.RAG Implementation......3.Vector DD Implementation
4. Declarative APIs are given..........5. Deployment Ready Application

LLM:- has large data base- neural network
read data and feed - remember the patterns

Prompts:-
    1. Instruction based Prompts
    2. Completion Prompts
    3. Zero Shot Prompts - no prior example
    4. Few Shots Prompts - provide some examples
    5. Role Based Prompts - AI Assumes a specific role
    6. Conversational Prompts
    7. Chain Of Thought Prompts - reasoning based - Thought Process
    8. Creative Prompts - Imaginary Output- some story for example
    9. Comparison Prompts - compare something
    10. Debugging Prompts - fix error
Best Practices in Prompt Engineering:-
    -> Be clear and specific;avoid ambiguity
    -> Iterative Refinement
    -> Provide Context
    -> Leverage few-shot examples
    -> Encourage step-by-step Reasoning
    -> Define Output Format: structure
    
LLM :- Out of date sometimes
RAG Model - pass dedicated Data
Source Of Trust is provided- Enhanced User Trust- Increased Developer Control - Cost Effective

Vector Database:-
A Vector Database is a special type of database designed to store and search data using vectors (which are just lists of numbers that represent things like images, text, or sounds).

Instead of searching with keywords (like in traditional databases), a vector database finds similar items based on mathematical comparisons. This is useful for things like:

Image search (Find similar pictures)
Recommendation systems (Suggest movies based on what you watched)
Chatbots & AI (Understand and respond better)
It’s super fast and great for handling complex data like AI models! 